Are you missing out on a treasure?
Huh?
Treasure?
What treasure?
No, not that kind.
Huh?
This kind.
Older people are a treasure.
But is this how you see them?
Granted, some older people may not be able to do some of the things you like doing.
Or know how to use all the latest gadgets.
If that does not make them less interesting, or less smart.
Now you might think, I don't have much in common with older people.
Could this be what your feelings are doing?
To find the treasure in older people, you have to get to know them.
So what should you do?
Well done.
One of the first things you'll discover is that older people may still do some interesting things.
And because our brain can improve in certain ways with age, older ones still have a lot to offer.
For example, they're good at solving everyday problems.
They can be great listeners.
They may face some of the challenges you're facing right now.
This experience helps them make good decisions.
That's wisdom.
Wisdom can protect you.
Wisdom is precious.
It's even more valuable than gold.
So you could not have better mentors than friends who are older and wiser than you.
The one walking with the wise will become wise says the Bible at Proverbs 13-20.
Of course, if you have important questions or concerns, you should go to your parents.
When you broaden out in your choice of friends, you'll learn many interesting things.
You'll also become a better communicator, which includes sharing your feelings with others.
That's a valuable skill that's easy to lose.
By associating with older people, you'll also learn about the challenges they face.
This will move you to be more compassionate and understanding.
Then, you may become a treasure to them.
And remember, older ones cared for us when we were young.
So, they deserve our love and respect.
Why not include them in your circle of friends?
You'll learn a lot.
You'll become wise for your age, and you'll be a better person.